Arena1: stone age
Business woman-"Welcome to the TLC or Temporal League of Combat.

You were selected for this due to your superior engineering intelligence, and we are really glad you were"

Ambience Text-In this era, every decision was a matter of life and death. Every innovation, a step forward in the long march of progress. The stage is set and butterfly effect minimized. Your first challenge is the dawn of human ingenuity: the Stone Age. Go ahead and prepare your team before stepping through the time portal.



Arena2: middle ages
Business woman-"Congratulations! you made that look easy.

Our next stop is the middle ages. Your logic is solid so I am sure you wont have any issues"

Ambience Text-The air is crisp, shifting timbers of a vast wooden deck have been assembled into an arena—ambience of the Age of Iron & Sail. Towering sails snap in the wind, a peaceful middle ages town nearby, distant cogs and galleons heel through the gray sea, but the battlefield is here.

James your teams mechanic comes and speaks to you.


James-“So… you’re the one behind the ‘intelligence,’ huh?
When they briefed me on this job, I didn’t expect anything quite this elaborate. They’re putting a lot of effort into this whole production.

Anyway, it’s good to finally meet you. I’m looking forward to seeing what else you’ve got planned.”



Arena3: western
Business woman- "You are good at this! at this rate you might just win the prize! Victory is within our grasp."

Ambience Text-Another league complete. More technology options are unlocked. The next destination appears to be the Grand Old West. The constant shifting themes are undoubtedly to keep the audience engaged. As you review your upgrades, James walks over and leans against your desk.

James-"HAHAR we have won again. You are doing good! sounds like the show must go on. heh. but i cant shake this eerie feeling from that woman. you are a computer guy, cant you dig around in there or something. i just cant help but think there is something else going on here.